tutorials/workshop/README.md, before:

# Day 1 Snorkel Workshop
## Extracting Spouse Relations from the News

In this tutorial, we will walk through the process of using Snorkel to identify mentions of
spouses in a corpus of news articles.
The tutorial is broken up into 4 notebooks, each covering a step in the pipeline, and 3 advanced notebooks covering more 

1. **Preprocessing [[Intro_Tutorial_1](Intro_Tutorial_1.ipynb)]:**
First we parse the raw input documents into _contexts_ (documents, sentences), and extract
consituent linguistic attributes.

2. **Candidate Extraction [[Intro_Tutorial_2](Intro_Tutorial_2.ipynb)]:**
Next, we use _matcher_ operators to extract sets of _candidate_ spouse relation mentions from the
preprocessed input. We will use these sets as training, development, and test data.

3. **Annotating Evaluation Data [[Intro_Tutorial_3](Intro_Tutorial_3.ipynb)]:**
Next, we use the `Viewer` to label a test set to evaluate against, and/or use helpers to
load external test labels.

4. **Learning [[Intro_Tutorial_4](Intro_Tutorial_4.ipynb)]:**
Here, we go through the process of writing _labeling functions_, learning a generative
model over them, using the generative model to train a _noise-aware_ discriminative
model to make predictions over the candidates, and evaluating the discriminative model
on the development candidate set.

5. **Evaluation [[Intro_Tutorial_5](Intro_Tutorial_5.ipynb)]:**
Finally, we evaluate the learned model on the test candidate set.

## Example

For example, in the sentence (specifically, a photograph caption)
> Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong and his wife Ho Ching leave a polling station after
> casting their votes in Singapore (Photo: AFP)

our goal is to extract the spouse relation pair ("Lee Hsien Loong", "Ho Ching").

Commit message:

added readme content and slides

tutorials/workshop/README.md, after:

# Snorkel Workshop
## Extracting Spouse Relations from the News

In this tutorial, we will walk through the process of using Snorkel to identify mentions of spouses in a corpus of news articles.

**Lecture Slides**: [PDF] (slide/Snorkel-Workshop-FINAL.pdf)

**Workshop Videos**: Coming soon!

### Tutorials

1. **Snorkel API [[Workshop Tutorial 1](Workshop_1_Snorkel_API.ipynb)]:**
We introduct `Candidate` and `Context` objects (documents, sentences) and then show how to interact with candidates using the Snorkel helper function API. 

2. **Writing Labeling Functions [[Workshop Tutorial 2](Workshop_2_Writing_Labeling_Functions.ipynb)]:**
We discuss how to write how to explore our training data, write _labeling functions_, and use _labeling function factories_ to autogenerate LFs from simple dictionaries and regular expressions.

3. **Training the Generative Model [[Workshop Tutorial 3](Workshop_3_Generative_Model_Training.ipynb)]:**
We discuss how to unify the supervision provided by lableing functions in the previous notebook. We show how using a generative model 

4. **Traiing the Discrimintive [[Workshop Tutorial 4](Workshop_4_Discriminative_Model_Training.ipynb)]:**
Using the output of the generative model above, we train a _noise-aware_ discriminative model (here a deep neural network) to make predictions over the candidates, and evaluating the discriminative model on the development candidate set.

### Advanced Tutorials

5. **Preprocessing [[Workshop Tutorial 5](Workshop_5_Advanced_Preprocessing.ipynb)]:**
How to preprocess a corpus of documents and initialize a Snorkel database.

6. **Grid Search [[Workshop Tutorial 6](Workshop_6_Advanced_Grid_Search.ipynb)]:**
Model tuning through grid search.

7. **BRAT Annotator [[Workshop Tutorial 7](Workshop_7_Advanced_BRAT_Annotator.ipynb)]:**
How to construct a validation set of human annotated data using BRAT (Brat Rapid Annotation Tool).
